feat: expose cache entry on shouldUpdateScript (#1319)
callstack/repack: website/src/latest/api/runtime/script-manager.md

});
```

### Override shouldUpdateScript logic

```js
ScriptManager.shared.hooks.afterResolve(async (args) => {
  const { locator } = args;
  locator.shouldUpdateScript = async (scriptId, caller, isScriptCacheOutdated, cachedData) => {
    // Custom logic to determine if the script should be updated
    if (isScriptCacheOutdated) {
      return true;
    }
    return false;
  };
  return args;
});
```

`shouldUpdateScript` also exposes the cached script locator data for more advanced comparison:

> **Note:** The `shallowEqual` function is a utility for comparing two objects' keys and values. You can use your own implementation or import one from a utility library.

```js
ScriptManager.shared.hooks.afterResolve(async (args) => {
  const { locator } = args;

>   locator.shouldUpdateScript = async (scriptId, caller, isScriptCacheOutdated, cachedData) => {
>     // Custom logic to determine if the script should be updated
>     return (
>         cachedData.method !== locator.method ||
>         cachedData.url !== locator.url ||
>         cachedData.query !== locator.query ||
>         !shallowEqual(cachedData.headers, locator.headers) ||
>         cachedData.body !== locator.body
>       );
>   };

Reviewer: This code assumes `cachedData` always exists, but it might be `undefined` on first load. so let's guard no-cache case before dereferencing `cachedData`

```suggestion
    // Custom logic to determine if the script should be updated
    if (!cachedData) return true;
    return (
        cachedData.method !== locator.method ||
        cachedData.url !== locator.url ||
        cachedData.query !== locator.query ||
        !shallowEqual(cachedData.headers, locator.headers) ||
        cachedData.body !== locator.body
      );
  };
```

Reviewer: I’d also suggest adding a unit test covering for these cases:

- `cachedData === undefined` on first load
- `cachedData` populated on subsequent load
- changed locator making `isScriptCacheOutdated === true`
